Hi guys, its Cindy Lietz, your Polymer Clay
Tutor, and today's studio tip, is how not
to store your Liquid Polymer Clay.
Now this is some advice that I should have
taken for myself, but I didn't, I made a mistake.
Normally when you store anything Polymer Clay,
you need to make sure… if you're gonna store
it into something plastic, you need to make
sure that it is Polymer Clay compatible.
And here's an example of what’s not Polymer
Clay compatible, I have these little… these
little containers that you can get from Costco,
you're… they’re for putting like salad
dressing or whatever into, and I had used
them before for putting in some glazes and
things.
So I have a little bit of glaze left over
from a project, and I put it into here.
I wasn't thinking and I just put some Liquid
Polymer Clay…
I’d made…
I don't know if you ever do those cupcakes
and things with the frosting, so when you
take some Liquid Polymer Clay like TLS or
Sculpey Bake & Bond, and mix it with a little
bit of solid color clay, you can make it look
like frosting.
Anyways, I'd made up a batch of frosting,
and put it in one of these little containers,
and I went to go get it out of the drawer
the other day, and this is what happened.
The whole bottom got eaten right out by the…
whatever's in the Polymer Clay that reacted
with the plastic in this container, so I scraped
it out of the bottom of my drawer and put
it up on here to show you what it's like.
This is what happens, it just… it breaks
apart and it's sticky and its…it just does
this weird funky thing.
So the only way to really be sure that it’s
gonna be Polymer Clay safe or Liquid Polymer
Clay safe, is to test it, glass is no problem,
but any of the plastics, you'll wanna test.
Put a little bit… a little dab onto the
plastic somewhere, and watch it over the next
day or two and see if it does anything weird
to the plastic.
One thing that does work is these little paint
pots, you know that… you can buy them in
an empty strip, I think I got these at Michaels
or somewhere, and you just…
I've got some Liquid Polymer Clay stored in
there, and I've dyed these ones with a little
bit of alcohol Ink, and so I had a bunch of
colors of it, and so I stored it in one of
these paint pots.
So I just thought I'd share that with you
so that you aren't making strange errors when
you're storing your Polymer Clay.
If this was helpful for you make sure to press
that like button.
You can subscribe, feel free to share this
video with anyone, and you can pin it, all
those kind of great things.
If you have any questions or you have a product
you’d like me to test for you or any other
kind of issue, make sure to leave a comment
below.
So I will see you next time, and bye for now.